[BEE-27962] Update plugin documentation (#324)
jenkinsci/electricflow-plugin: README.md

> **_NOTE:_**  Ensure the information for your credential is correct before moving to the next step. If you add the credential with incorrect information, you cannot edit it and will have to delete the incorrect credential and reconfigure a new one. 

10. Select **Add** to save the configuration. You will be returned to the system configurations page.
> **_TIP:_**  You can check in your profile to ensure your credential was added and manage it. 
11. Select **Test Connection** to ensure your credential is working correctly. If you receive a ``Success`` message, your configuration ready to use. If you receive an error code, ensure your **Server URL** is correct. If it is, typically there was an error in the credential configuration and the configuration should be reconfigured.  

# Supported Post Build Actions

The CloudBees CD plugin enables you to perform Post-build actions for your Jenkins jobs. These actions can be executed separately or combined sequentially. 

> **_NOTE:_** To manage **Post-build Actions**, navigate to your Jenkins job's **Configuration** > **Post-build Actions**. 

## Calling CloudBees CD REST API

> The CloudBees CD plugin allows you to make calls to CloudBees CD's REST API. These calls can be made for post-build actions and as pipeline steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CloudBees CD plugin allows you to make calls to CloudBees CD's REST API. You can make these calls for post-build actions and pipeline steps.
```

To configure a calls to CloudBees CD's REST API:
1. Navigate to your job's **Configuration** > **Post-build Actions** menu.
2. Select **Add post-build action**.
3. In the filter field, enter `CloudBees CD - Call REST API`. 

> 4. Fill in the fields with your configuration. To see information on the field, select the **?** icon (selecting the **?** will open an additional dialog). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Complete the fields with your configuration details. Select the **?** icon to view field information in a new dialog.
```

applications. Our model-driven approach to managing environments and
applications allows teams to collaborate on and coordinate multiple
pipelines and releases across hybrid infrastructure in an efficient,

> predictable and auditable way.

Author: Updated.

# Features

With the CloudBees CD plugin you can:
-   [Connect to your CloudBees CD server](#connecting-to-your-cloudbees-cd-server)
-   [Call CloudBees CD REST APIs](#calling-cloudbees-cd-rest-api)  
-   [Create applications from deployment packages](#creating-and-deploying-applications-from-deployment-packages-to-cloudbees-cd) 
-   [Deploy applications](#deploying-applications-using-cloudbees-cd)
-   [Publish artifacts](#publishing-artifacts-to-cloudbees-cd)
-   [Run pipelines](#running-pipelines-in-cloudbees-cd)
-   [Run procedures](#running-procedures-in-cloudbees-cd)
-   [Trigger releases](#triggering-releases-in-cloudbees-cd)

# Connecting to your CloudBees CD server

To use and integrate with CloudBees CD, you must
create a connection configuration in Jenkins to store your CloudBees CD Server information. Depending on the number of servers or environments you are integrating with, you can create one or more connection configurations that allow you to connect to them and call CloudBees CD APIs.

To create and configure your connection:
1. Login into your Jenkins instance and navigate to **Manage Jenkins** > **Configure System**.

> 2. Find the **CloudBees CD** section and under **Configurations**, and select **Add**. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Find the **CloudBees CD** section under **Configurations**, and select **Add**. 
```

3. Specify the following information for your configuration:
   - **Configuration Name:** Name you want to give this configuration

>    - **Server URL**: CloudBees CD Server URL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - **Server URL**: CloudBees CD server URL
```

>    - **REST API Version**: CloudBees CD Server Rest API Version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - **REST API Version**: CloudBees CD Server REST API version
```

4. Select **Save** in the Jenkins UI to confirm your configuration.
5. Add your **Credentials Type**:

>     -   **Username and Password**: CloudBees CD username and passport for Connection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -   **Username and Password**: CloudBees CD username and password for the connection
```

>     - **Stored Credential**: Used to configure authentication via stored credentials, which can be username/password or secret text, which supports an SSO session ID token

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Stored Credential**: Used to configure authentication via stored credentials, which can be username/password or secret text that supports an SSO session ID token
```

    > **_TIP:_**  To configure a connection using an SSO session ID token, refer to [Configuring an SSO session ID token for CloudBees CD](#configuring-an-sso-session-id-token-for-cloudbees-cd).

> 6. Both **Do not send build details to CloudBees CD** and **Override CloudBees CD SSL Validation Check** are **optional** settings. You can select the **?** icon for both and read the description to decide if you want to use these features.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Both **Do not send build details to CloudBees CD** and **Override CloudBees CD SSL Validation Check** are **optional** settings. You can select the **?** icons and read the descriptions and decide if you want to use these features.   
```

7. Select **Test Connection** to ensure your credential is working correctly. If you receive a ``Success`` message, your configuration is ready to use. If you receive an error code, ensure your **Server URL** is correct. If it is, typically there was an error in the credential configuration and the configuration should be reconfigured.

## Configuring an SSO session ID token for CloudBees CD
The CloudBees CD plugin allows you to authenticate actions using an SSO session ID token. Before starting:

> - You must have a generated CloudBees SSO session ID token. If you have not generated a CloudBees SSO session ID token, refer to [Generate an SSO session ID token](https://docs.cloudbees.com/docs/cloudbees-cd/latest/intro/sign-in-cd#_generate_a_sso_session_id_token) for help.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You must generate a CloudBees SSO session ID token. If you have not generated a CloudBees SSO session ID token, refer to [Generate an SSO session ID token](https://docs.cloudbees.com/docs/cloudbees-cd/latest/intro/sign-in-cd#_generate_a_sso_session_id_token) for help.
```

- You must have already set up a **CloudBees CD** configuration and saved it to Jenkins. If not, follow the steps in [Connecting to your CloudBees CD server](#connecting-to-your-cloudbees-cd-server) until **Credentials Type**. 

> The following steps will help you configure a CloudBees SSO session ID token within a CloudBees CD configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following steps describe how to configure a CloudBees SSO session ID token within a CloudBees CD configuration.
```

> 1. Navigate to **Manage Jenkins** > **Configure System** and under **CloudBees CD** > **Configurations**, and find the configuration you want to add an SSO session ID token to. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to **Manage Jenkins** > **Configure System**.  Under **CloudBees CD** > **Configurations**, find the configuration to which you want to add an SSO session ID token. 
```

> 2. Under **Credentials Type**, select **Stored Credential** and a new entry field will appear.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Under **Credentials Type**, select **Stored Credential**. A new entry field displays.
```

> 3. For **Stored Credential**, select **Add** and **Jenkins**. A new window should appear for the **Jenkins Credential Provider**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. For **Stored Credential**, select **Add** and **Jenkins**. A new window opens for the **Jenkins Credential Provider**.
```

4. By default, the **Domain** field is set to *Global credentials (unrestricted)* and is unchangeable. 
5. For **Kind**, select **Secret text**. 
6. Select the **Scope** you want to use your token for. 
7. In the **Secret** field, enter your CloudBees SSO session ID token. 

> 8. The **ID** field is **optional**. If you want to provide and **ID**, select the **?** icon and read the message to ensure you understand the purpose and requirements of this field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. The **ID** field is **optional**. If you want to provide an **ID**, select the **?** icon and read the message to ensure you understand the purpose and requirements of this field.
```

> 9. The **Description** field is **optional**. However, it is suggested to provide one  to help you keep track of the token configuration as it used as the **Credentials** > **Name** in your profile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. The **Description** field is **optional**. However, it is suggested to provide one to help you keep track of the token configuration because it is used as the **Credentials** > **Name** in your profile.
```

> > **_NOTE:_**  Ensure the information for your credential is correct before moving to the next step. If you add the credential with incorrect information, you cannot edit it and will have to delete the incorrect credential and reconfigure a new one. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **_NOTE:_** Ensure the information for your credential is correct before moving to the next step. If you add the credential with incorrect information, you cannot edit it and will have to delete the incorrect credential and reconfigure a new one. 
```

> 10. Select **Add** to save the configuration. You will be returned to the system configurations page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10. Select **Add** to save the configuration. You are returned to the system configurations page.
```

> > **_TIP:_**  You can check in your profile to ensure your credential was added and manage it. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **_TIP:_**  You can check your profile to ensure your credential was added and manage it. 
```

> 11. Select **Test Connection** to ensure your credential is working correctly. If you receive a ``Success`` message, your configuration ready to use. If you receive an error code, ensure your **Server URL** is correct. If it is, typically there was an error in the credential configuration and the configuration should be reconfigured.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
11. Select **Test Connection** to ensure your credential is working correctly. If you receive a ``Success`` message, your configuration is ready to use. If you receive an error code, ensure your **Server URL** is correct. If it is, typically there was an error in the credential configuration, and the configuration should be reconfigured.  
```

# Supported Post Build Actions

> The CloudBees CD plugin enables you to perform Post-build actions for your Jenkins jobs. These actions can be executed separately or combined sequentially. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CloudBees CD plugin enables you to perform post-build actions for your Jenkins jobs. These actions can be executed separately or combined sequentially. 
```

4. Fill in the fields with your configuration. To see information on the field, select the **?** icon (selecting the **?** will open an additional dialog).
5. To apply the configuration to your job, select **Save** in the Jenkins UI.

### Pipeline script example to deploy an application

``` syntaxhighlighter-pre
node{
   cloudBeesFlowDeployApplication applicationName: 'DemoApplication', applicationProcessName: 'RunCommand', configuration: 'CdConfiguration', deployParameters: '{"runProcess":{"applicationName":"DemoApplication","applicationProcessName":"RunCommand","parameter":[{"actualParameterName":"Parameter1","value":"value1"},{"actualParameterName":"Parameter2","value":"value2"}]}}', environmentName: 'CdEnvironment', projectName: 'CloudBees'
}
```
## Publishing artifacts to CloudBees CD

The CloudBees CD plugin allows you to publish artifacts for your applications generated as part of your Jenkins CI jobs directly to CloudBees CD. 

To set up this post-build action:
1. Navigate to your job's **Configuration** > **Post-build Actions** menu.
2. Select **Add post-build action**.
3. In the filter field, enter `CloudBees CD - Publish Artifact`.

> 4. Fill in the fields with your configuration. To see information on the field, select the **?** icon (selecting the **?** will open an additional dialog).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Complete the fields with your configuration details. Select the **?** icon to view field information in a new dialog.
```

```
## Running pipelines in CloudBees CD

The CloudBees plugin allows you to run pipelines in CloudBees CD.

To set up this post-build action:
1. Navigate to your job's **Configuration** > **Post-build Actions** menu.
2. Select **Add post-build action**.
3. In the filter field, enter `CloudBees CD - Run Pipeline`.
4. Fill in the fields with your configuration. To see information on the field, select the **?** icon (selecting the **?** will open an additional dialog).
5. To apply the configuration to your job, select **Save** in the Jenkins UI.

### Pipeline script example to run a pipeline

``` syntaxhighlighter-pre
node{
    cloudBeesFlowRunPipeline addParam: '{"pipeline":{"pipelineName":"CdPipeline","parameters":[{"parameterName":"PipelineParam","parameterValue":"185"}]}}', configuration: 'CdConfiguration', pipelineName: 'CdPipeline', projectName: 'CloudBees'
}
```

## Running procedures in CloudBees CD

The CloudBees CD plugin allows you to run procedures in CloudBees CD.

To set up this post-build action:
1. Navigate to your job's **Configuration** > **Post-build Actions** menu.
2. Select **Add post-build action**.
3. In the filter field, enter `CloudBees CD - Run Procedure`.

> 4. Fill in the fields with your configuration. To see information on the field, select the **?** icon (selecting the **?** will open an additional dialog).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Complete the fields with your configuration details. Select the **?** icon to view field information in a new dialog.
```

}
//...
```
## Triggering releases in CloudBees CD

This Integration allows you to trigger a release in CloudBees CD.

To set up this post-build action:
1. Navigate to your job's **Configuration** > **Post-build Actions** menu.
2. Select **Add post-build action**.
3. In the filter field, enter `CloudBees CD - Trigger Release`.

> 4. Fill in the fields with your configuration. To see information on the field, select the **?** icon (selecting the **?** will open an additional dialog).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Complete the fields with your configuration details. Select the **?** icon to view field information in a new dialog.
```

5. To apply the configuration to your job, select **Save** in the Jenkins UI.

### Pipeline script example for triggering a release

``` syntaxhighlighter-pre
node{
    cloudBeesFlowTriggerRelease configuration: 'CdConfiguration', parameters: '{"release":{"releaseName":"CdRelease1.1.5","stages":[{"stageName":"Stage 1","stageValue":false},{"stageName":"Stage 2","stageValue":true}],"pipelineName":"pipeline_CdRelease1.1.5","parameters":[{"parameterName":"ReleaseParam","parameterValue":"test"}]}}', projectName: 'CloudBees', releaseName: 'CdRelease1.1.5', startingStage: ''
}
```

> Details for this build will be attached to the Release Run (if supported by CloudBees CD server).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Details for this build are attached to the release run (if supported by the CloudBees CD server).
```

Author: updated.

# Known issues
## Adding credentials to a new CloudBees CD configuration  
[BEE-27725] When creating a new CloudBees CD configuration, you cannot add a new credential using the "Add" button.
### Workarounds

> The following workarounds may be used instead of the **Add** button to help you add a credential:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the following workarounds instead using the **Add** button to add a credential:
```

Author: Updated.

> - The "Add" button works for existing configurations. So, create and save your configuration without the credential. You can then return to the configuration and add the credential using the **Add** button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The **Add** button works for existing configurations. Create and save your configuration without the credential. You can then return to the configuration and add the credential using the **Add** button.
```

Author: updated

    - Run Procedure
    - Publish Application
    - Create and Deploy Application from Deployment Package

> - Updated Deploy application by possibility to specify project for environment if it is other than project for application

Reviewer: May consider rewording

Author: Won't rework release notes.

Reviewer: @jsmith-cb okay, we'll want to fix the typo the next time we update release notes
